Add docs - merge first ? (#9)
danforthcenter/plantcv-annotate: docs/documentation.md

## Documentation

PlantCV documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://readthedocs.org/). 
Using Read the Docs allows the documentation to be versioned along with
the code. Because Read the Docs supports static content build tools like
[Mkdocs](http://www.mkdocs.org/), documentation can be written in simple
Markdown format that will be built into HTML automatically whenever a 
new version of code is pushed to the PlantCV GitHub repository.

### Updating PlantCV documentation

> Follow the [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how clone a copy of the PlantCV-Annotate

Reviewer: This link is broken because there is no file called CONTRIBUTING.md

repository, edit files, and generate a `pull` request to merge your updates back into the 
main repository. Changes to PlantCV should be done in a branch, and pull against the 
`main` branch  which corresponds to the `latest` version of the documentation on Read the Docs.

PlantCV-Annotate is an add-on package to compliment functionality of

> [PlantCV](http://plantcv.danforthcenter.org) so please refer to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PlantCV](https://plantcv.org) so please refer to the 
```
